Lain: That smells good.

Touko:
Here you go. How is it? Looks as if you don't
like it, huh? Too bitter? What if you add some
suger? Well, how about if you add some milk? It
might take me away the bitterness. Or I can get
you something else?

Lain: I don't like milk

Touko:
Ah, sorry. I didn't know... Well, how about if
I get some juice for you?

Lain: I'm sorry...

Touko:
That's all right; I probably couldn't have had
green tea either at your age. You said that
there are lots od different kinds of tea right?
If I don't like it, I don't like it. Of course,
that doesn't mean I can't drink it, but
different kinds of tea have different flavors
right? What do you like, Lain? Why don't you
like mailk?

Lain: It upsets my stomach.

Touko:
Ha, ha, truth br told, when I was a child I had
the same problem. Especially when the school
lunch included milk. I can drink milk now
though.

Lain: I can't drink it, but I really love love it...

Touko:
How about milk that doesn't upset your stomach.
Would that be all right?

Lain: What's it called?

Touko:
I forget what it's called, but it's milk that
doesn't upset your stomach. I have it for kids
like you Lain , who are like me as a kid and
can't drink milk. If you talk about with
your mother, I'm sure she'all look fir it for
you


-------


铃音：闻起来好香

柊子：
给你。味道怎么样？看来你不喜欢？太苦了？如果加一些糖呢？
嗯，如果你些牛奶怎么样？也许能带走苦味。要不我给你拿点别的？

铃音：我不喜欢牛奶

柊子：
啊,对不起。我不知道 ……
我给你拿点果汁怎么样？

铃音：我很抱歉……

柊子：
没关系；我在你这个年纪可能也喝不了绿茶。
你说有很多不同种类的茶对吧？
不喜欢就是不喜欢。当然，这并不意味着我不能喝，
但是不同种类的茶味道不同对吧？铃音。
你喜欢什么茶？为什么不喜欢牛奶？

铃音：它让我的胃不舒服。

柊子：
哈哈，说实话，当我还是个孩子的时候，我有同样的问题。
尤其是当学校午餐包含牛奶时。不过我现在可以和牛奶了。

铃音：我不能喝它，但是我真的很喜欢很喜欢...

柊子：
喝点不让胃难受的牛奶怎么样，这样可以吗？

铃音：它叫什么？

柊子：我忘了它叫什么，但它不会让你的胃不舒服。我为孩子们准备了这个，
就像你一样铃音，你就像我小时候一样不能喝牛奶。
如果你和你妈妈说，我相信她会帮你找的。

