Lain: What us college like?

Tokyo:
You're ub junior high school now aren't you,
Lain? So if you're in junior high and want to
keep studying, you go to high school, right?
College is where people go if they want to keep
studying after high school.

Lain: Do you like to study, Sensei?

Touko:
I didn't used to, But I went to America as an
exchange student when I was junior high
school, and I started to feel differently then.

Lain: You were an exchange student. Wow!

Touko:
At the time, I just want because my parents
wanted me to. But pepple have different ways of
seeing things in other countries, and I learned
a lot from that. Looking back, it was a lot of
work, and at firsr, I didn't feel good about
it, but now I'm realley grateful that I was able
to be an exchange student. I learned English,
too.

Lain: That's amazing, Touko-sensei!

Touko:
Oh,  it's not so amazing, There are lots of
people who have studied much more than I have.
I'm really a pretty. It's boring to just study,
isn't it? Do you like to study, Lain?

Lain: Noe really.

Touko: What subjects don't you like?

Lain: Japanese and physical education.

Touko: I see. So you don't like exercise do you like?

Lain: The metal beam.

Touko:
Wow! I used to like running, but I was never
good at the metal beam. I would spin around and
get too dizzy.

Lain: I like to spin around.

Touko: Both frontwards and backwards?

Lain: Yes, both.

Touko: What don't you like?

Lain: (silence)


Touko:
You don't have t5ro answer if you don't want to.
Butm what kid of study do you like? I'm sorry,
Are you tired? Why don't we end early today?



-------


铃音：大学是什么样的？

柊子：
你现在上初中了吧，铃音？所以如果你初中毕业还想继续学习，就得上高中，对吧？大学是高中毕业后还想继续深造的人去的地方。

铃音：老师，您喜欢学习吗？

铃音：
以前我可不是这样，不过我在初中时作为交换生去了美国，从那时起我的想法就开始变了。

铃音：你是个交换生。哇！

当时，我只是因为父母希望我这么做。但其他国家的人看待事物的方式各不相同，我从中学到了很多。回想起来，那确实很辛苦，一开始我也不太喜欢，但现在我真的很感激自己能成为交换生。我还学了英语。

铃音：太棒了，柊子老师！

铃音：
哦，这没什么了不起的，有很多人都比我学得多得多。
我其实挺漂亮的。光学习多无聊啊，不是吗？莱茵，你喜欢学习吗？

铃音：诺伊，真的。

柊子：你不喜欢哪些科目？

铃音：日语和体育。

柊子：我明白了。所以你不喜欢运动，是吗？

铃音：那根金属梁。

铃音：
哇！我以前喜欢跑步，但金属横杆项目我从来都不擅长。我一转圈就会晕得不行。

铃音：我喜欢转圈圈。

柊子：向前向后都行？

铃音：是的，两者都是。

铃音：你不喜欢什么？

铃音：（沉默）

柊子：
如果你不想回答也没关系。
不过你喜欢哪种学习？抱歉，
你累了吗？今天要不早点结束吧？

