Touko: Hello, Lain.

Lain: <(in a soft voice)> Hello.

Touko:
Hmm. You don't sound so energetic. Maybe you
don't feel up for this. Why don't we quit now?
Ok? But since you came all the way out here,
how would you like a cup of tea or something?
What would you like? Don't be shy.

Lain: I want to talk.

Touko: You don't have to force yourself. That might
make you fell even worse. Take my word for it.

Lain: I want to be cured.

Touko: Cured... but you're not sick, Lain.

Lain: But this is a hospital isn't it?

Touko:
Well, this place can function as a hospital,
but I see patients at my research room as well.
Right now, I don't know if you are really sick
sick, Lain. Still, if you aren't feeling well
ir are worried about something, I'd like to be
able to help you.

Lain: I'm not sick?

Touko:
Right now, I'm not completely sure, but you're
proably just fine. Even if you are sick, I'll
make sure that you are cured.

Lain: You're absolutely sure you can cure me?

Touko: Absolutely. I will not let you be sick.

Lain: Sense, why are you so kind me? Is it
because it is you job?

Touko:
Hmm... You're right that this is a part if my
work. But it's a type if work that's hard to
see as just work. Most of the time, I see
patientsm, diagnose them as objectively as
possible, and give them psychological
treatment, but it isn't enough to make them
better. I'm a researcher as well as a docker.
If I see someone suffering, I must try and help
that person. I want to do everything I can to
help that person.

Lain: You would do that for anybody?

Touko:
To be specific, if I see someone suffering from
something for which the cause is physical and
obvious, I refer that person to a specialist.
If there is a car accident or a poisoning,
that's what I would do. Do put it simply, I'm
not the kind of docker who treats people who
have something wrong with them physically.

Lain: So I have...


-------



